There was a meeting going on in a farm. All the vegetables had come to attend the meeting. It was an important meeting held to elect the king of the vegetables. Mango, the king of fruits was invited to preside over the meeting.

 “Good morning vegetables! It’s a nice sunny day today. A good day to get together, isn’t it? I am glad all the vegetables have turned up for the meeting, all fresh and shining.” The elegant Mango greeted everyone as it started the meeting.

 “Good morning!”- greeted all the vegetables together.

 The Mango proceeded, speaking solemnly- “As this is a meeting to elect a vegetable who will take on the responsibilities of the king, I would like to call all the interested vegetables to come up one by one and tell about their good qualities. Based on these we will decide on who will be the King.”

 The Mango looked around and called the Carrot first.

 The Carrot started- “Sir, I am a good choice for the post of the King because the rabbits told me so!”

 Ha…ha..ha.ha.ha! All the vegetables burst out laughing.

 “Silence please. Let us listen to all that the Carrot has to say.”-said the Mango.

 The Carrot continued. “The kids too love me Sir! I have a beautiful, attractive red color and I am sweet too. The most important thing is, I have lots of vitamin A which keeps the eyes healthy.”

 “Thanks Carrot. You can please take your seat now.” The Mango then called the Potato.

 “Sir, I am full of carbohydrate which gives energy to the body. Secondly, I am available round the year, not just in certain seasons.”- the Potato said humbly.

 Spinach came up next. It said- “Like the carrot I too have vitamin A along with other vitamins and minerals. But most important, I am very rich in iron and fiber. So spinach is not just good for eyes, it is good for blood and the whole body. Have you seen how strong Popeye the sailor man is?”

 The Mango nodded its head thoughtfully. The other vegetables too agreed.

 Then came a fat cauliflower.

 “Sir, as you can all see I am handsome like a blooming flower. Not just kids but everyone loves me. I too have lots of vitamins and minerals.”

 “Sir, I am Broccoli. I look like the cauliflower, but I am a dark green beauty. You may be surprised to know that broccoli contains more vitamin C than many citrus fruits. It also has more calcium than milk.”- said a shy Broccoli.

 A proud eggplant said- “I have minerals and vitamins too. I am a born king actually! Look at my royal colour, the round shape and shiny smooth texture!!”

 One by one all the vegetables came and enlightened the Mango and the audience. The Mango was noting down everything. When all were done, the Mango compared its notes.

 “Hmmm.. it is going to be difficult. Every vegetable is important for the body. Together they make the body strong and healthy. It is difficult to select any one vegetable.”- mused the Mango.

 “Mango Uncle, I have an idea!”

 Who said that?

All the vegetables turned back to where the voice came from. It was Poly, a little girl. Mango knew Poly well, because it lived in the old mango tree in Poly’s backyard. Poly played with her friends under the mango tree and they all loved the tree’s mangoes.

 “Poly? When did you come here?”-asked the surprised Mango.

 “I was playing here when I heard your discussion.”- said Poly.

 “So, what is your great idea Poly? We all would like to know.”- said the Mango.

 “I know a really nice person who should be the king.”- said Poly, her eyes twinkling.

 “Who should be the king?”- echoed all the anxious vegetables together.

 “Mamma!! She should be the King….no Queen. She is the queen of our kitchen already. She is the best person to decide which vegetables to cook on which day. She cooks a healthy combination each day. She has lots of love and intelligence and she is available round the year too.”- explained Poly.

All the vegetables clapped. They all liked and agreed to Poly’s idea because they all respected Mamma. Mamma loved them all. She selected all vegetables turn by turn and cooked them in such love that all vegetables felt like king on the dining table! So Mamma was declared the Queen by the vegetables.
